c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\obj\Debug\SignalR1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\SignalR1.dll.config
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\SignalR1.dll
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\SignalR1.pdb
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\obj\Debug\SignalR1.dll
c:\users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\obj\Debug\SignalR1.pdb
C:\Users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Users\davefielding\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR1\SignalR1\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
